Welcome back!
Today we have a rather small section,.
I just want to explain
memory representation
a little bit.
So, all elements of an array are placed
in memory locations.
There are placed one after
the other in series.
This property is really important
and will be of use
when you learn about pointers.
So,
basically
what you can see are
1 at index 0,
comes before
let's say
in terms of memory
locations
anyway.
For example 1,
so
this
comes before this in terms of memory
location.
How they are actually stored in RAM.
And of course before like
4 9 so on and so forth.
It doesn't really matter.
So, I have a really neat representation
here.
For you, how
it all works.
So, let's say index 0,
it has some sort of a
I don't know memory address.
Like some sort of an address.
And then the next element,
has the next memory address in line.
And so on and so forth.
Ranging from the very first element
to the last element. they are sequential.
They are always one
after the other directly,
in terms of memory locations anyway.
So, that is pretty much all what I want to
mention here.
I mentioned my pretty drawing
but anyway, we will move on to the
next story.